content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Comparación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:Comparación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:Tema
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:clave
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:Palabras
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:Situación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:Autor
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:Fuente
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:8:Hijo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:8:Secuencia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:Segmento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:Vínculos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:algunas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:análisis
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:categorías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:comparación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:comparativo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:dimensiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:este
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:facilitan
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:presentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:presentar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:selecionado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:aspectos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:cuenta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:serán
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:tener
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:Portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:Servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:Gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:Estrategia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:Versionamiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:Monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:Operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:Evolución
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:Mantenimiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:23:Nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:23:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:aplicados
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:aspectos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:cada
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:desde
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:estos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:posteriormente
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:Presentaremos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:serán
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:uno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:31:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:31:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:asociadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:cargos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:consideraciones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:criterios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:cuenta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:dentro
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:depósito
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:desarrollo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:encuentran
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:establecemos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:este
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:Esto
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:Fondo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:formalismo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:grupo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:incluye
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:mantener
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:modelos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:nivel
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:realizar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:34:último
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:37:Financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:37:Prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:39:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:39:Depoósito
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:Análisis
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:modelos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:41:arquitecturas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:41:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:41:modelado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:41:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:43:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:43:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:49:Portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:49:Servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:51:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:busca
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:búsqueda
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:comparativo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:documentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:entre
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:establecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:industria
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:registro
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:su
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:su
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:54:Financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:54:Prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:56:Gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:56:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:56:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:62:Gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:62:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:64:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:allá
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:asociados
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:busca
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:comparar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:criterios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:dirección
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:directa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:establecen
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:Este
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:forma
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:guías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:pero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:procedimientos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:punto
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:relaciona
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:65:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:67:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:67:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:67:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:68:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:68:Comité
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:69:lineamientos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:69:Políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:70:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:70:referencia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:71:decisión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:71:Toma
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:72:Priorización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:72:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:78:Estrategia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:78:Versionamiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:80:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:busca
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:establecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:mecanismos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:versiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:85:Financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:85:Prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:87:cambio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:87:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:87:Manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:88:documentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:88:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:88:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:88:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:88:versiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:89:Documentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:89:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:89:sus
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:89:versiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:93:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:93:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:97:Monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:97:Operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:99:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:analiza
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:diferentes
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:mecanismos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:100:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:Financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:Prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:despliegue
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:gestionar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:utilizadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:104:alarmas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:104:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:104:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:104:monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:104:notificaciones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:104:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:106:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:106:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:110:Evolución
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:110:Mantenimiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:112:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:analiza
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:capacidad
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:corregir
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:decir
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:estrategias
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:evolución
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:evolucionar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:favorecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:mantener
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:mantenimiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:mejorar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:organizacón
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:poder
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:recomendadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:113:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:115:Financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:115:Prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:116:cambio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:116:Gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:117:cambio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:117:Manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:117:solicitudes
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:cambios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:Gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:prioridades
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:119:defectos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:119:Gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:119:inconformidades
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:125:Nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:125:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:127:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:adopción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:analizan
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:así
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:asociadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:categoria
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:comparadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:dichas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:industria
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:relacionados
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:renovación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:temas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:128:vigilancia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:130:Financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:130:Prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:132:Políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:132:vigilancia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:133:experimentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:133:Laboratorios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:133:nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:133:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:134:Capacitación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:134:entrenamiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:135:adopción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:135:migracións
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:135:programado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:137:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:137:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Estado
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Fase
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:2:Contenido
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:2:Contractuales
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:2:Productos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:Comparativa
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:el
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:industria
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:Producto
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:cómo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:comparar
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:Describir
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:el
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:empresas
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:enfrentan
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:flexibilidad
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:independencia
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:industria
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:manera
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:otros
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:proveedor
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:retos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:sectores
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:segmento
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:tecnológico
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:análisis
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:aplicaciones
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:dependencia
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:el
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:este
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:Nota
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:objetivos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:producto
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:proveedor
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:provienen
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:proyecto
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:tiempo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:9:únicamente
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:13:Justificación
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:aplicables
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:comparativa
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:esta
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:futuras
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:gobierno
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:guía
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:hallazgos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:hoja
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:industria
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:información
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:iniciativas
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:mejora
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:pertenecientes
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:procesos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:procesos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:productos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:proveerá
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:puede
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:ruta
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:ser
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:sus
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:tanto
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:traducida
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:vez
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:Contenidos
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:Arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:Portafolio
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:Gobierno
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:Versionamiento
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:Monitoreo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:operación
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:evolución
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:Mantenimiento
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:23:Nuevas
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:23:tecnologías
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:Aceptación
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:Criterios
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:el
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:iniciativas
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:Lista
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:oportunidades
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:por
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:ralizables
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:30:arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:30:capacidades
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:30:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:30:Mejoras
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:30:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR6. Comparativa FNA industria.md:30:visibles
